project: Release v0.1.0-alpha.11 (#44)
mesosphere/dklb: RELEASE-NOTES.adoc

== Table of Contents
toc::[]

== v0.1.0-alpha.11

=== Bug fixes

> * Fix a bug which caused `dklb` to create an invalid DC/OS secret (https://github.com/mesosphere/dklb/pull/43[#43]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix DC/OS secret names when Kubernetes is deployed in a DC/OS folder (https://github.com/mesosphere/dklb/pull/43[#43]).
```

Author: Done.

=== Documentation

> * Add command to cleanup Kubernetes secret in TLS for Ingress example https://github.com/mesosphere/dklb/pull/43[#43]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add command to cleanup Kubernetes secret in TLS for Ingress example (https://github.com/mesosphere/dklb/pull/43[#43]).
```

Author: Done.
